Q1. Who developed Python Programming language?
Ans. Guido van Rossum

Q2. Which type of Programming does Python support?
Ans. Python support Multi-Paradigm Programming(like Object-oriented Programming, structured programing).

Q3. Is python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
Ans. Python is case-sensitive language. eg.  person_name and Person_Name are different identifier with having their own memory space.

Q4. What is the correct extension of the Python file?
Ans. file_name.py is the correct python correct extension.

Q5. Is python code compiled or interpreated?
Ans. Python code is interpreated. The source code of a python program is converted into bytecode then it get  execute by Python Virtual Machine.

Q6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python Language?
Ans. A module, a function and a Class defination.

Q7. State a character used to give single-line comments in python?
Ans. Hash character:- #

Q8. Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on?
Ans. python --version

Q9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called________?
Ans. Lamda

Q10. What does pip stand for python?
Ans. preferred installer program

Q11. Mention a few built-in functions in python?
Ans. print(), type(), input(), len(), abs(), round() etc..

Q12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in python?
Ans. 79 Characters

Q13. What are the benifites of using python?
Ans. 1) Easy to learn
    2) Community
    3) Abundance of libraries and frameworks
    4) Versatility, Efficiency, Reliability etc.. 

Q14. How is memory managed in Python?
Ans. Memory Management in Python involves a private heap containing all Python objects and data structures. 

Q15. How to install Python on Windows and set path variables?
Ans. There are multiple resourses on internet to guide us in python installation. Process is lenghty to write so I'm skiping this question.

Q16. is identation required in python?
Ans. Yes, Python uses identation to indicate a block of code.